chore: add mention about default SA in pipeline readme (#424)
kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks: release/pipelines/windows-customize/README.md

The pipeline uses a ConfigMap containing an `unattend.xml` file for automated customization of Windows. Example ConfigMaps are deployed within the Pipeline. In case you would like to use a different ConfigMap, specify a different URL in the `unattendXMLConfigMapsURL` parameter and adjust `customizeConfigMapName` parameter with correct the `ConfigMap` name. Examples of ConfigMaps can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/tree/main/release/pipelines/windows-customize/configmaps).

> [!NOTE]

> > By default the Pipeline requires ServiceAccount `pipeline` to exists. Tekton does not create the ServiceAccount 
> > in namespaces which name starts with `openshift` or `kube`. In case you would like to run this Pipeline in namespace which 
> > starts with `openshift` or `kube`, you have to create the `pipeline` ServiceAccount manually or specify different ServiceAccount in PipelineRun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, the Pipeline requires the ServiceAccount `pipeline` to exist. Tekton does not create this ServiceAccount 
> in namespaces which name starts with `openshift` or `kube`. In case you would like to run this Pipeline in a namespace which 
> starts with `openshift` or `kube`, you have to create the `pipeline` ServiceAccount manually or specify a different ServiceAccount in the PipelineRun.
```
